tonight brings some super themes and it's
how much is that little heart going
will inspire you for the topic that you are going to
sing on this I think that it serves a lot
to go out with everything and I'll see all
gentlemen come, we want to hear you
santana position
santana sings to us girl of manuel
although they do not have
you must not know my feet
as well as the bar
real
how do I want to talk about that topic
in my biggest problem
she is always fatal all morning
on the day what to take off
so
whatever is
Mountain range
Yes, it's me
I do not know
Hello
where are you
contacted
the steam
under you
I am
the appointment of mojo
thanks for the love
santana
Smoke girl in this stage of the
academy ten years and people applaud
here in the forum pussy what did you think for
that you see my dear santana that what
we tell him every week is for something
good that you worked and worked well
hard the truth
nothing to do now with what you did
last week they wanted to invite me
dear luis miguel now it was you and if
issue had infect us all
cures and I think all the people
it's good that you understood the message that
one that tells you the message and that
you work on that the truth very well I
you want now congratulations
this one for me is one of the best
songs that my Latin pop has
dear immanuel for me
I loved it and I loved it and you
I have seen very happy with that energy that
You have passed us all, I would have
liked that at some point in the
song you would not have done falsetto instead
of full voice so then at the end
It would have been more explosion but good
I liked it
is that the kid is that the kid
you have with what is the thief you have with
to do what I want and I think that
endorsed or one time or already what you
put me I love that you all do it with
all that delivery and that energy and that
great voice that you have but you do not believe it
please ok or else police
santana the truth I liked a lot
we all know that you have a great voice
I think so was this challenge to put a
most rhythmic song that was excellent not
yes i would like you to enjoy a
little bit more and dance dances is a little bit
more because you notice that the girls will
I really like it so congratulations very well
the girl dancing like santana
I love how Santana sings I love
your development on stage
listen to your voice in different facets and
Well, I loved how you did it
very well when we give the
qualifications tonight July precious
will have the hidden vote I ask you to do
your vote exactly in the forum is
seeing you do not see it at home but the
people here already know marta your rating
8 cross
I saw well
Miriam gives him a
832 together for santana before the vote
hidden not as precious grace santana